# MyScript_module


The MyScript module is an empty shell of a module that allows the user to run a script of their own as part of a BioLockJ pipeline. This allows users to make their custom analyses part of the automated pipeline.  Any manual interventions that the user would normally have to do in the pipeline (such as a pre-processing step that we don't have a module for) can be made into an automated step in the pipeline.

The common use case will have a narrative like this:
I ran my samples through BioLockJ using these preprocessing steps, and this classifier.
Then I wrote an R script that uses the output generated by BioLockJ, tests the thing I am interested in and makes my favorite plot and the table I want.
Then my boss said, “Did you try using the X parameter to the classifier? What if you use this other classifier? What if you add this pre-processing step?”
Now I want to make my same plot, run my same test, still using almost exactly the same input… but I want to modify my BioLockJ pipeline, to test the impact of the things my boss high-lighted.  So I want to run BioLockJ 5 more times, and I want to run my R script on the output of each one.
This is now easy! My pipeline is configured to run my R script as the last module, so my custom analysis is run for each scenario and all of the results are clearly associeated with the corresponding input process.


The config options for module are:                           
myScript.myScript=example.R # implemented                           
myScript.launcher=Rscript # implemented - needs testing                           
myScript.resources= # not yet implemented - see issue                           
